hey people john here from fast films and
today we're covering a 2014 horror
thriller film called good night mommy at
the beginning of the movie we see twin
brothers lucas and elias playing
together outside their house when they
return home they find their mother whose
face is covered with bandages
she scolds them for making their clothes
dirty and asks them to take off their
clothes and take a shower
after taking a shower lucas and elias
stand next to the counter in the kitchen
when their mother makes a drink
she gives the juice to elias only lucas
whispers in elias's ear that he also
wants to drink elias tells this to his
mother but she refuses and tells him
that lucas can ask her for the juice
himself elias tells her that she only
made the supper for him and not for
lucas she tells him that he knows well
why she made the supper for him only
when their mother leaves the kitchen
elias gives his drink to lucas he asks
lucas to apologize to mom but he doesn't
listen to elias after this the twin
brothers and their mom play a game
in the game their mother plays with
elias and writes car on the paper
she sticks it on elias's forehead elias
then guesses the thing by asking
different questions he eventually makes
the right guess and then it's his
mother's turn
elias sticks a piece of paper on his
mother's forehead with mama written on
it their mother asks questions but fails
to make a correct guess in the next
scene lucas stands near the main door
lifting the blinds up and down
then he joins his mother and elias who
are playing the game
at night elias brushes his teeth in the
washroom while sliding the dental floss
in and out between his teeth he sees a
creepy cockroach-like insect on the wall
then lucas goes to the washroom and
comes back with that insect in his hand
he puts that insect in a glass container
already filled with the same insects
then the mother snatches their phone
while they are playing the game on their
bed
she only speaks to elias and tells him
that they will have to follow some new
rules from now because her doctor has
recommended taking a rest
she tells him that he will not go
outside and will play in the garden only
she asks him to maintain silence at home
and not before entering her room
she also tells him that they will keep
the blinds down because she has to avoid
sunlight and no visitors will be allowed
elias gets up and takes out two
seashells wrapped in paper he gives the
seashells to his mother and tells her
that he and lucas brought this for her
his mother takes only one seashell and
leaves the room when the room's lights
turn off elias and lucas talk about how
their mother has become a weird person
after the operation
then elias plays a lullaby on the tape
recorder and then they both go to sleep
at dawn elias wakes up from a noise
coming from the washroom
he goes and peeps through the half open
door and finds that his mother is
applying an ointment on her operated
face in the mirror suddenly she notices
and looks at the door in the mirror
elias catches a glimpse of her bloody
eye reflected in the mirror and runs
back to the room
his mother comes to check the room but
elias hides himself by standing still
next to the room's wall
next day the two brothers play in the
rain when they are at home they hear the
doorbell ring they check outside through
the louvres of the blinds and then elias
goes to call his mother
he knocks at the door before entering
and finds that his mother is sleeping as
he goes out of the room his mother wakes
up from her pretentious sleep and bites
a cracker when elias goes back to the
main door he finds it open
he looks for lucas and sees that he has
let a delivery boy inside the house who
is keeping the groceries in their deep
freezer
after some time when lucas and elias
play in the garden their mother watches
them from the washroom's window
she then takes off her shirt and checks
her body in the mirror while lucas and
elias are outside the house their mother
wears a gown and looks at herself in the
mirror the twin brothers discover an
underground place in the graveyard they
find a lot of bones and skulls there in
the midst of the bones they find a cat
then the mother appears without wearing
the bandages but as soon as she hears
the footsteps of her sons she quickly
puts on the bandages again elias and
lucas secretly bring the cat in a box
and take it to their room quickly
their mother notices their nervous move
and knocks at their door she keeps on
knocking the door until she finds it
locked when elias opens the door she
goes inside and checks each and
everything in the room she finds a
lighter on lucas's bed and asks about it
from elias elias tells him that he used
the lighter for burning some books
then she takes the keys of the room and
leaves in the evening lucas and elias
see their mother going towards the
forest when she reaches the forest she
takes off her clothes and bandages and
starts shaking her head badly
then it is revealed that it was just a
dream that elias and lucas saw
they wake up and see the container of
cockroaches in the torchlight they pick
a cockroach and go to their mother's
room they find her sleeping with her
mouth open elias puts the cockroach on
her face the cockroach goes inside her
mouth but she doesn't wake up lucas and
elias then sneak out of her room the
next morning we see that one of the twin
brothers is playing the piano and the
mother is spraying white paint on the
wall outside the house
then elias and lucas watch a family
photo album together they find that
their parents wedding photo has been
removed then they see their mother's
photo with a woman who is dressed the
same like her and remove it from the
album
lucas and elias search for their mother
on google and see that their house has
been put for sale on a website elias
places a recorder under his mother's bed
but he hides under the bed when his
mother arrives in her room
she drops some medicines near the bed
which she then picks up and leaves
elias gets up and goes to lucas who went
outside through the sliding door of the
room when he heard his mother coming
elias and lucas go to their room and
find that their cat is not there when
they search for it under the bed their
mother calls elias to do the house
chores
while cleaning the house lucas turns off
the vacuum cleaner when he and his
brother hear their mother is talking to
someone on the phone
they find her saying to someone that she
cannot play along anymore and he has to
face it later they both search for their
cat everywhere in the house
they go to the basement and find it dead
lucas tells elias that he thinks that
their mother has killed their cat
then they empty the large glass
container of cockroaches in their room
and fill it with water
they keep their cat's corpse inside that
glass container and place it on the
table in the lounge they hide behind the
curtains and watch their mother when she
sees the cat's dead body she brings a
jar of cockroaches and puts them inside
the glass container
elias runs and tries to stop his mother
he tells her that she is not his mother
but a stranger
he and lucas ask their mother to show
her birthmark to them their mother slaps
elias and takes him to his room
forcefully and locks the door from
inside
lucas goes behind them and hears his
mother beating elias she asks him to say
10 times that she is his mother
she asks him to never talk to his
brother and tells him that only he will
get the clothes and meals from now on
when she leaves the room lucas goes
inside and finds his brother crying in
the bed
while lucas comforts him elias tells him
that their mother wants to tear them
apart in the next scene their mother is
seen crying on her bed facing the window
lucas and elias beat each other for fun
and ask if it hurts
at night lucas stays up and keeps an eye
on the door
after some time elias guards the door
and lucas goes to bed elias wakes up and
sees that their room's door is open he
takes a blade in his hand and goes to
his mother's room
elias cuts open his mother's belly while
she is sleeping when he elongates the
cut a lot of cockroaches come out of her
belly then it is revealed that elias
sees this happening in his dream elias
makes lucas trim his hair just like him
so that their mother will not be able to
identify lucas their mother unlocks
their room but elias and lucas keep a
table in front of the door
she asks them to open the door as she
will not scold them anymore
they move the table aside and their
mother comes inside they see that she
has removed the bandages from her face
she gives elias something to play elias
asks her if they can go outside and play
when she opens the main door for them
they push her aside and run outside
towards the forest
on their way they see a man burning
bundles of hay
then elias and lucas go to a church and
ask for help from a man who is sweeping
the floor elias asks him if he is the
priest but the man tells him that he is
a sexton
elias asks him about the priest when the
man tells him that the priest is not
here elias tells him that he wants to
call him in the next scene elias and
lucas go to the police station with the
priest in his car
they make him explain their situation to
the police the priest drives lucas and
elias home the twins are reluctant to go
back to their house then he meets their
mother and asks her to explain what was
happening
she tells him that it is probably
because of the separation with her
husband and also the accident she had
some time ago
she tells him that this might be the
reason why her kids are depressed and
not behaving well with her
she locks all the doors again and goes
to her bedroom then she takes her
medicine and weeps in bed when she wakes
up in the morning she finds that lucas
and elias have tied her hands and feet
to the bed she asks elias to untie her
but lucas and elias tell her that she
must tell them about their mother she
constantly tells lucas that she is his
mother they show her the picture they
had taken from the family photo album
she tells him that the other girl in the
picture was her friend who always
dressed the same
then the boys unlock a room and watch a
video of their mother on the laptop they
notice that their mother's lenses are
brown in the video
they go back to her and check her eyes
she gets irritated and tells them that
she wears brown contact lenses which are
in the bathroom
elias and lucas go and search for the
brown lenses in the bathroom
lucas tells him that he should not
believe her but elias tells him that he
has changed his mind
they start fighting after a while lucas
and elias are seen sitting beside the
bathtub with bleeding noses
then they hear their mother's voice who
is trying to untie herself when elias
goes to her room she asks him to talk to
her and settle everything but elias
doesn't listen to her and keeps calling
lucas who doesn't seem to respond to him
he shows his mother the video she
recorded of him in which she beat her
and forced her to stay away from lucas
he asks how his real mother could do
that to him she apologizes to him and
insists elias untie her so she will make
breakfast for him as elias tries to
untie her lucas shows up and stops him
he shows lucas that the birthmark on her
face is fake she tells him that she had
to make that fake mark because the
doctor removed it during the surgery as
it was dangerous
after some time they tie her head to the
bed with the help of bandages and
torture her with sunlight they keep on
asking her about their real mother but
she doesn't say a word
elias then sticks a tape on her mouth
it's then a woman and a man from the red
cross visit their house for donation
they find the door open and look for
people inside the house
the mother tries to shout out so that
those people could come and rescue her
when they go upstairs following the
sound lucas and elias show up elias
tells them that it's the sound of their
dog and his mother is not at home
but they stay to meet his mother the
woman asks elias about his school and
what he does all day
lucas signals elias to come and he
leaves them with an excuse to go to the
toilet they take the money from their
mother's bag and elias gives it to that
man and woman the woman tells elias that
they don't take donations from children
but he tells her that his mother has
given him the permission
the man tells the woman that the house
is big enough and it seems like the
family can afford such an amount
meanwhile their mother somehow removes
the tape off her lips and screams for
help the man and the woman leave the
house elias and lucas hear their mothers
scream and run upstairs they glue her
lips and go outside later they bring
food for her and cut the binding of the
glue on her lips with scissors
then they see that she has peed in her
pants so they untie her and ask her to
change the bed sheet while she takes off
the sheets she somehow manages to escape
and runs towards the main door but her
feet get stuck in a wire and she falls
on the ground right after that they drag
her inside the house and light candles
around her elias then puts the candle in
the glass container and burns the cat's
corpse his mother asks him to talk to
her and they will make a deal she tells
him that she will also play with lucas
from now on and will also prepare meals
for him but he has to believe her that
she is his real mother she tells him
that lucas has died in an accident and
he wasn't responsible for elias demise
but lucas tells elias that she is lying
elias asks her to tell him what lucas is
doing now his mother tells him that she
cannot see lucas he tells her that their
real mother would know what lucas is
doing
then lucas burns the curtain with a
candle and elias joins him his mother
screams and asks him to stop him but the
burning curtain falls down and burns her
to death after some time the firemen
arrive at the house and we see that
elias and lucas happily reunite with
their mother's spirit and the movie ends
here
thanks for watching guys